All right.
In this video we're going to go through the entire solution for this still callback kind of approach.
We're gonna go through it rather quickly because like I said this is not super ideal.
I just want you have an idea of how we would put this solution together.
So let's get to it.
I'm gonna go back over to my editor.
I'm going to remove the two bad code comments I have inside of here just to clean things up a little
bit and I'll create an array called all stats.
So again this is going to be an array that starts off with all no values.
And we're going to over time throw in our actual stat objects to it to create a array that starts off
with a bunch of no values equal to the number of file names we have.
I mean he is a little trickier going to say array file names dot length than dot Phil.
No like I said little trick.
This creates an array with a length equal to the file names array and then I'm going to fill every value
or every index inside there with the value of No.
So because I have four file names because I've got one two three four file entities right here I know
that I'm going to get as a result.
No no no.
And I'll just like we saw on the diagram a moment ago OK.
So now inside of our for loop the first we have to do is get the index of the file name that we are
working with right before the L stack call.
I'm going to add in index is file names dot index of file name with a for of loop by default we don't
have easy access to the index of the element we are iterating over.
So we're using this line right here to figure out what the index of this given file is.
So then inside the L stack call I'm going to delete that console log I'm going to take my all stats
array and I'm going to update the element at this given index.
So I'll say all stats at index is going to be the data that we just got back inside of the L stat function.
So the stats object right there so again just like we saw in that diagram a moment ago this is where
we're taking the data that was passed to our callback.
We're going to go to the appropriate index and throw the stats object in there replacing the existing
no value.
Now every single time after we do that update right there we then need to iterate over the all stats
array.
We're going to check to see if there are any null values left if there is a no value.
That means we're still waiting on some data if there is not a null value that means we have all the
data we expect to get.
And it's time to go ahead and try to do some processing.
So for that we're going to use once again a little trickier.
I'm going to use the all stats dot every function the every function is built into every single array
if we call every we can pass in an iterator function to this thing.
So we'll pass in a little iterator function like so the inner function is then going to be called for
every element inside of all stats from this inner function.
We're going to return a boolean value if every single inner function every single invocation of it returns
true then every overall this entire statement is going to evaluate to true.
Otherwise if any of the inner function invocations return a false value then the entire expression will
return false instead.
So this is a perfect use case for what we're trying to do here we're trying to see if any value inside
of all stats is equal to null.
So if we ever return a false value from every that means that we are not yet ready to do some processing
of our data go inside if you're going to take the stats variable.
So I can accept that as an argument and I'm just going to return stats.
Remember stats is going to be a null value or our actual object.
So null by default is a false value.
So if I ever return null that means that the every statement is going to overall evaluate to false so
we can then assign that to a variable that I'll call maybe ready or something and we'll say if ready.
That means we are ready to do our final step of processing so for our final step of processing we can
iterate over all stats with a for each.
So I'll say all stats or each inside of here I'm going to take my stats object.
So each individual stats object and its index there's one reason we're pulling in the index right here.
And it's kind of an awkward one.
It turns out that these stats object we're working with doesn't actually have a reference back to the
file name that it belongs to.
So we know the stats of a file but we don't know what these stats are actually for the reason that we're
pulling out the index right here is so we can go back into the file names array and pull out the original
file name.
We can not just make reference to the file name variable inside of here directly because remember the
finally variable is going to be changing over time every single time that we run this for loop.
We are changing the value of file name.
That means that if we just tried to do a console log a file name right here we're going to see the same
value four times over as a matter of fact let's just try that out really quickly and I'll just prove
it to you.
So do a console log a file name going to go back over and run and alas.
And there we go.
So I see the same file name four times over again because we're referencing the same variable right
here that's why we're pulling in index.
So inside of you I'll do a console log file names at index that will give me the correct file name and
then stats dot is file.
All right.
So let's save this a flip back over and allez.
And there we go.
So I get empty folder false and then future true.
And more importantly every single time I run this I get the exact same order back.
All right.
So I know that we sped through that rather quickly and there might be one or two things inside here
that are kind of confusing but like I said I just want to very quickly give you a overview of this solution.
It's not the best way of doing this.
Again it's not the best way because if we ever decide to add in some additional asynchronous call here
like maybe after doing an el SAP we then want to open up some other file that is relevant or maybe for
every folder we want to open up the folder and find the files inside there as soon as we start to add
in any additional complexity.
This entire kind of solution starts to fall apart because it just gets way too confusing.
Now we've seen this approach.
Let's take a quick pause.
We'll come back the next video and start to discuss solution number two.
So I'll see you in just a minute.